[RUN-3090] Update for s3 sdk changes. (#10550)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/runtime/custom-settings/s3-encryption-key-update.md

{{% /alert %}}

## Implementing Key Rotation

When a new key is added, that key will be used for newly encrypted files but existing files will *not* be automatically re-encrypted. For this you need to implement re-encryption inside your application.
This can be done by adding a new encryption key and then re-uploading all existing files.

The following is a Java action that demonstrates re-uploading a list of files:

```java
public class JA_RefreshFileContents extends UserAction<java.lang.Void>
{
  …
  private final java.util.List<IMendixObject> __files;

  …
  public java.lang.Void executeAction() throws Exception
  {
    // BEGIN USER CODE
    IContext sc = Core.createSystemContext();
    sc.startTransaction();
    __files.stream().forEach(f -> { f.setValue(sc, "Contents", (java.io.InputStream) f.getValue(sc, "Contents")); });
    sc.endTransaction();
    Core.commit(sc, __files);
    return null;
    // END USER CODE
  }

  …
}
```

This Java action can be repeatedly called from a microflow that reads objects of type `System.FileDocument`' in batches. For example, see the following microflow:

> {{< figure src="/attachments/refguide9/runtime/custom-settings/batch-file-update-microflow.png" class="no-border" alt="Microflow which contains a loop which retrieves a list of FileDocument objects and rewrites them to rotate the encryption key." >}}

Reviewer: In this microflow, why to we pass the list of FileDocuments to the Java action before we count them? I feel this makes the purpose less clear.

Author: If you are suggesting swapping the order, i.e. first count and terminate if zero then pass the list to the java action, then agree it would be better.

Reviewer: Yep - it took me a few minutes to work out why we were counting them after they had been processed - I thought the Java action might be changing something which the count then revealed.
I'm sure most people would work it out quicker, but there may be others who are as slow as me 😁

> Here a list of FileDocument objects is retrieved, for example 100, ordered by the `FileID` attribute, and passed to the `JA_RefreshFileContents` Java action. This is repeated until all the files are processed. We store the last processed file's `FileID` attribute in case the process gets interrupted. This microflow can be executed in a task queue.

Reviewer: I think we could make this clearer by talking about the batch?
```suggestion
Here, a list of FileDocument objects is retrieved, for example 100, ordered by the `FileID` attribute, and passed to the `JA_RefreshFileContents` Java action. This is repeated until all the batches of files are processed. The microflow logs and stores the `FileID` attribute of the last processed file in each batch in case the process gets interrupted.

This microflow can be executed in a task queue.
```
